Create a checkpoint before starting. Fix these 
four specific bugs in artifacts/promptmegood/index.html.
Do not touch anything else. Do not use heredoc syntax.
Write fixes as separate .js files.

BUG 1 — PAGE LOADS SCROLLED TO RESULT PANEL
The page is opening at "Your Fixed Prompt" instead 
of the top. On page load, force scroll to top:

Add this JavaScript before </body>:
window.addEventListener('load', function() {
  if (!window.location.hash) {
    window.scrollTo(0, 0);
  }
});

Also check if there is a scroll restoration 
issue. Add to the top of the existing JS:
if ('scrollRestoration' in history) {
  history.scrollRestoration = 'manual';
}

BUG 2 — DUPLICATE "WITH AI" TEXT
Find every instance of:
"Run With AI with AI right here"
and replace with:
"Run With AI right here"

Find every instance of:
"Run With AI with AI right here, or copy it 
to use anywhere."
and replace with:
"Run it with AI right here, or copy it 
to use anywhere."

BUG 3 — RESULT BOX SHOWS PLACEHOLDER BEFORE GENERATION
Find the result box (id="resultBox" or similar).
The placeholder text inside it currently reads:
"Your generated prompt will appear here. Run 
With AI with AI right here, or copy it to 
use anywhere."

Replace that placeholder text with simply:
"Your fixed prompt will appear here."

Then ensure this placeholder is only visible 
when no prompt has been generated. When a 
prompt exists the placeholder disappears 
and the prompt text shows.

BUG 4 — RESULT PANEL ELEMENTS VISIBLE BEFORE GENERATION
The following elements must be hidden before 
a prompt is generated and revealed only after 
successful generation. Use display:none via 
CSS and reveal them with JavaScript after 
the generate function completes:

- "Want To Know How Strong Your Prompt Is?" 
  label and the Check Prompt Quality button
- Copy Prompt button
- Copy Shareable Link button  
- Print / Save PDF button
- Clear Prompt button
- The refine buttons section (Improve With AI,
  More Detailed, More Bold & Direct, 
  Beginner Friendly)
- Fine-Tune Your Prompt section
- Undo Last Change button
- Run With AI section
- What Next block
- Use Your Prompt In section

These elements must have display:none by default.
After the generate function successfully 
completes and a prompt is in the result box,
add class "pmg-has-result" to the body element
and use CSS to reveal them:

body.pmg-has-result .result-actions,
body.pmg-has-result #copy-btn,
body.pmg-has-result #quality-row,
body.pmg-has-result #improve-block,
body.pmg-has-result #runSection,
body.pmg-has-result #fine-tune-row,
body.pmg-has-result .what-next,
body.pmg-has-result .open-in-block,
body.pmg-has-result .save-tip,
body.pmg-has-result #strength-score {
  display: block !important;
}

Also check localStorage on page load:
If "pmg_has_generated" exists in localStorage
add "pmg-has-result" to body on load so 
returning users see their tools immediately.

After all fixes commit with message 
"Fix page scroll on load and result panel 
visibility bugs" and push to origin main 
then deploy.

Report​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
